# Intel-Exploration---Hardware-Section---NEMU, a cloud hypervisor

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NEMU is the large project in Intel open source projects. There are a lot of unique and interesting techniques which Intel has designed and developed for the Cloud technology compared with others such as Google Cloud and Microsoft Cloud. 

In my Github, I have focused profoundly the coding files which Intel has developed some techinques in order to optimize CPU, Memory as well as accelerate the power of hardware for Cloud. 

CPU Throttling (Dynamic frequency scaling) to manage the processor usage of an agent
- is a technique whereby the frequency of microprocessor can be automatically adjusted "on the fly" depending on the actual needs, to conserve power and reduce the amount of heat generated by chip,so this technique help preserve battery on mobile devices and decrease cooling cost and noise. 
- Use the Process maximum CPU percentage setting to manage the maximum processor usage of the Log File agent process over a time interval. If a Process maximum CPU percentage value less than 100 is specified, throttling is in effect. The Process maximum CPU percentage value sets a maximum limit for the agent's use of the processor over a time interval.
- When setting the Process maximum CPU percentage value, you must be aware of the following points:
  - The Process maximum CPU percentage value is a goal over a measurement time interval. For intervals less than specified time duration the agent can use 100% of the processor time and still meet its goal for the specified time measurement interval. By way of comparison, a Linux installation can use the top command to show the processor usage of a process and show values that change every second. But the top command with the interval of 60, top -d 60, is a better way to assess the processor usage of the process over a specified time duration.
  - The Process maximum CPU percentage value is a goal over a specified time duration measurement interval. Actual usage can be less. For example, if in the second half of a specified time duration, many events arrive, the agent does not consider that the first half of the interval was under-used and therefore does not exceed the maximum limit in the second half of the interval.
  - CPU throttling might not behave as expected when the agent is run in a virtual machine (VM). The clock of a VM is accurate, but the amount of actual processor time allocated to the VM cannot be determined from inside the VM. That is, the amount of actual processor time available in a specific amount of real time can vary.
  - CPU throttling extends the elapsed time it takes to process large amounts of data. A certain amount of processor time is required to process events. If the limit is set too low, the agent might not keep up with high event rates.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Note: I have tried to explore a number of files which have been useful with my own projects and works. All files have been re-coded carefully by basing on the Intel technical framewrok of original files, however I have tried to modify some parts sometime in order to satisfy my personal demands. Therefore there is any problem related to coding technique when you try to test them in your system, please check the Intel original files.
I have described specifically the Intel unique techniques in these files and some connections with my research projects. Please give me some comments if I have any mistake. 

Source: https://github.com/intel/nemu
